Add picnic integration docs (#16890)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/picnic.markdown

---
title: Picnic
description: How to setup and use the Picnic integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_release: 2021.4
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@corneyl'
ha_domain: picnic
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

> The Picnic component allows one te get information from [Picnic](https://picnic.app) about orders, deliveries and cart contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Picnic integration allows one to get information from [Picnic](https://picnic.app) about orders, deliveries and cart content.
```
